Add read/write and grant config info for external etcd in cluster guide (#2218)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/guides/clustering.md

## Use an external etcd cluster

You must have etcd 3.3.2 or newer to use Sensu with an external etcd cluster.
Follow etcd's [clustering guide][2] using the same store configuration to stand up an external etcd cluster.

> To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io` key space for your users:

Reviewer: This should be `/sensu.io/`.

Author: Thank you!

> To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io` key space for your users:

Author: ```suggestion
To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io/` key space for your users:
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
{{< highlight shell >}}
/opt/etcd/etcdctl role grant-permission sensu_readwrite readwrite --from-key '/sensu.io/'
{{< /highlight >}}

To double-check that the grant is configured correctly, run:
 {{< highlight shell >}}
 /opt/etcd/etcdctl user get Username --detail
{{< /highlight >}}
```

You should see this output:

> {{< highlight shell >}}

Reviewer: This is the output of `/opt/etcd/etcdctl user get Username --detail`

User: Username

Role sensu_readwrite
KV Read:
	[/sensu.io/, <open ended>
KV Write:
	[/sensu.io/, <open ended>
{{< /highlight >}}

> Then, create an open-ended grant for the `EtcdRoot`:

Author: ```suggestion
```

> {{< highlight shell >}}

Reviewer: I would put this above the other highlight and highlight that you can use `/opt/etcd/etcdctl user get Username --detail` to get the output to double check the grant is as expected.

Author: OK -- let me see if I can get it in the right spot. Thank you.

> {{< highlight shell >}}

Author: ```suggestion
```

> {{< highlight shell >}}

Author: ```suggestion
```

> /opt/etcd/etcdctl role grant-permission sensu_readwrite readwrite --from-key '/sensu.io/'

Author: ```suggestion
```

> {{< /highlight >}}

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Use an external etcd cluster

You must have etcd 3.3.2 or newer to use Sensu with an external etcd cluster.
Follow etcd's [clustering guide][2] using the same store configuration to stand up an external etcd cluster.

To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io/` key space for your users:
{{< highlight shell >}}
/opt/etcd/etcdctl role grant-permission sensu_readwrite readwrite --from-key '/sensu.io/'
{{< /highlight >}}

To double-check that the grant is configured correctly, run:

{{< highlight shell >}}
/opt/etcd/etcdctl user get USERNAME --detail
{{< /highlight >}}

> {{< highlight shell >}}

Author: ```suggestion

The output should be:

{{< highlight shell >}}
```

## Use an external etcd cluster

You must have etcd 3.3.2 or newer to use Sensu with an external etcd cluster.
Follow etcd's [clustering guide][2] using the same store configuration to stand up an external etcd cluster.

To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io/` key space for your users:
{{< highlight shell >}}
/opt/etcd/etcdctl role grant-permission sensu_readwrite readwrite --from-key '/sensu.io/'
{{< /highlight >}}

To double-check that the grant is configured correctly, run:

>  {{< highlight shell >}}

Author: ```suggestion

{{< highlight shell >}}
```

>  /opt/etcd/etcdctl user get Username --detail

Author: ```suggestion
/opt/etcd/etcdctl user get USERNAME --detail
```

{{< /highlight >}}
{{< highlight shell >}}

> User: Username

Author: ```suggestion
User: USERNAME
```

Role sensu_readwrite
KV Read:
	[/sensu.io/, <open ended>
KV Write:
	[/sensu.io/, <open ended>
{{< /highlight >}}

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Use an external etcd cluster

You must have etcd 3.3.2 or newer to use Sensu with an external etcd cluster.
Follow etcd's [clustering guide][2] using the same store configuration to stand up an external etcd cluster.

To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io/` key space for your users:
{{< highlight shell >}}

> /opt/etcd/etcdctl role grant-permission sensu_readwrite readwrite --from-key '/sensu.io/'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Add the sensu user, you'll be prompted for the password interactively
etcdctl user add sensu
# Create a role
etcdctl role add sensu_readwrite
# Give that role permission to read and write under the /sensu.io/ keyspace
etcdctl role grant-permission sensu_readwrite readwrite --from-key '/sensu.io/'
# Grant the sensu user the role
etcdctl user grant-role sensu sensu_readwrite
```

I found additional steps necessary here.

Reviewer: This will need .initialized still too.  I just built a new cluster and it failed to init without having access to that key.

Author: @tarcinil do you mean we need to incorporate http://localhost:1313/sensu-go/5.20/installation/install-sensu/#3-initialize by reference? Or do you mean something else?

{{< /highlight >}}

To double-check that the grant is configured correctly, run:

{{< highlight shell >}}
/opt/etcd/etcdctl user get USERNAME --detail
{{< /highlight >}}

The output should be:

{{< highlight shell >}}
User: USERNAME

Role sensu_readwrite
KV Read:
	[/sensu.io/, <open ended>
KV Write:
	[/sensu.io/, <open ended>
{{< /highlight >}}

> To enable client-to-server and peer communication authentication [using self-signed TLS certificates][13], start etcd for `backend-1` based on the [three-node configuration example][19]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Etcd does not enable authentication by default, so additional configuration may be needed before etcd will enforce these controls.
See the [etcd operators documentation][12] for details.

To enable client-to-server and peer communication authentication [using self-signed TLS certificates][13], start etcd for `backend-1` based on the [three-node configuration example][19]:
```

## Use an external etcd cluster

> You must have etcd 3.3.2 or newer to use Sensu with an external etcd cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using Sensu with an external etcd cluster requires etcd 3.3.2 or newer but is not compatible with etcd 3.4.0 or newer.
```

Reviewer 2: It occurs to me that our datastore reference is focused on Postgres, but would also be a good place to document etcd details like this requirement.

Reviewer: I've been running 3.4.3 since I built my cluster.  What is the failure in compatibility?

Author: @tarcinil I am not 100% sure but I think it is related to an outstanding etcd issue https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/issues/11884

Reviewer 3: > I've been running 3.4.3 since I built my cluster. What is the failure in compatibility?

@tarcinil It's compatible but we've seen a 50% performance loss and some instability at high load.

Follow etcd's [clustering guide][2] using the same store configuration to stand up an external etcd cluster.

To initialize a backend that uses etcd authentication, configure read and write access to the `/sensu.io/` key space for your users:
{{< highlight shell >}}

> # Add the sensu user, you'll be prompted for the password interactively

Author: ```suggestion
# Add the sensu user. You will receive an interactive prompt for the password.
```

> # Add the sensu user. You will receive an interactive prompt for the password.

Author: ```suggestion
# Add the sensu user (you will receive an interactive prompt for the password)
```
